cut 0.46 release (#3872)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.46.0 / 2021-02-24

> 

Reviewer: Can we add information that we are looking for prometheus-operator adopters entries in ADOPTERS.md file?

Author: sure thing, you mean as a changelog entry? I am not quite clear where and how I should put that request.

Reviewer 2: not sure I would add it to the changelog. Maybe mention it when we announce the release?

Reviewer: It doesn't need to be in the changelog as this is something more for a release note.

Author: sure thing, I can add it in the release note section in github, where we usually copy the contents of the changelog. is that a better place?

> * [CHANGE] Drop support for prometheus 1.x #2822

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Drop support for Prometheus 1.x #2822
```

Author: fixed

* [FEATURE] Add relabelingConfigs to ProbeTargetStaticConfig #3817

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add custom HTTP headers in remoteWrite-config #3851

Author: fixed

## 0.46.0 / 2021-02-24

* [CHANGE] Drop support for Prometheus 1.x #2822
* [FEATURE] Add relabelingConfigs to ProbeTargetStaticConfig #3817
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add custom HTTP headers in remoteWrite-config #3851
* [ENHANCEMENT] CRDs are now part of prometheus-operator group allowing `kubectl get prometheus-operator` operation #3843
* [ENHANCEMENT] Support app.kubernetes.io/managed-by label to kubelet service and endpoint objects. #3834

> * [BUGFIX] Fix the loss of EmailConfig.headers key #3856

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fix the loss of the `headers` key in AlertmanagerConfig. #3856
```

Author: fixed

> * [BUGFIX] Preserve user added labels and annotations on Services, Endpoints and StatefulSets #3810

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Preserve user-added labels and annotations on Service, Endpoint and StatefulSet resources managed by the operator. #3810
```

Author: fixed

> * [BUGFIX] Fix child routes to not require a receiver #3749

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Do not require child routes in AlertmanagerConfig to have a receiver. #3749
```

Author: fixed
